You've just learned about image processing and image processing is similar to video processing.
They're both essentially analyzing a frame of an image and doing something with that data.
So where do you go from here.
Well we can use libraries like pillow which are really great for simple images or you can use something
like open CV and open CV is a very powerful library.
As a matter of fact open CV is used with machine learning like self-driving car.
You can see over here somebody built an open CV Python neural network autonomous RC car.
Yes.
What we learned although is just scratching the surface leads us to learn about autonomous driving and
machine learning.
Now we have a section on machine learning in this course.
So we're going to dive deeper into that.
But with this newfound knowledge you can even explore libraries like open CV if you're interested in
this topic to learn how to analyze images and how to maybe use machine learning to do exciting things
in the field of this I'm leaving up to you to explore on your own.
Again the beauty with python is that you can go in so many directions throughout your career.
But for now we still have lots more to learn so I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.